[MXNET-1232] fix demo and add Eclipse support (#13979)
apache/incubator-mxnet: scala-package/mxnet-demo/java-demo/README.md

# MXNet Java Sample Project
This is an project created to use Maven-published Scala/Java package with two Java examples.
## Setup

> User are required to use maven to build the package, by simply run

Reviewer: run --> running

# MXNet Java Sample Project
This is an project created to use Maven-published Scala/Java package with two Java examples.
## Setup

> User are required to use maven to build the package, by simply running

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You are required to use Maven to build the package with the following commands:
```
However, isn't this not true? You can run the sample project by building for source, can you not?

```
mvn package
```

> This command will pick the default values specified in the pom file.

Reviewer 2: Link pom file.

Note: If you are planning to use GPU, please add `-Dmxnet.profile=linux-x86_64-gpu`

### Use customized version set
You can use the following instruction as an alternative to achieve the same result:

> User are required to use `mvn package` to build the package,

Reviewer 2: Grammar on this line... also is this true? Should it be you "may" not "must" or "required"?
```suggestion
You are required to use `mvn package` to build the package,
```

>  which are shown below:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
using the following commands:
```

export SCALA_TEST_ON_GPU=1
```
## Clean up
Clean up for Maven package is simple:
```Bash
mvn clean
```

## Run in Eclipse

> You can convert the maven project to the eclipse one by simply do:

Reviewer: ```You can convert the maven project to the eclipse one by running```

export SCALA_TEST_ON_GPU=1
```
## Clean up
Clean up for Maven package is simple:
```Bash
mvn clean
```

## Run in Eclipse

> You can convert the maven project to the eclipse one by running

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can convert the maven project to the eclipse one by running the following command:
```

```

> mvn eclipse:eclipse

Reviewer 2: This is a repeat of before... why is this here?
Also this is a conversion instruction not a "run" instruction as the title suggests. Maybe you can include some screenshots of how you open the project in eclipse and build it, etc...

Author: This is specifically for users trying to use Eclipse in their demo project

Is there any other version available?

You can find nightly release version from [here](https://repository.apache.org/#nexus-search;gav~org.apache.mxnet~~1.5.0-SNAPSHOT~~).

> Please keep the same version in the pom file or [above version](https://repository.apache.org/#nexus-search;gav~org.apache.mxnet~~~~) to run this demo.

Reviewer 2: This is kind of weird to link to above version. If you want them to look at the above version then don't link. Offer the link as a backup resource where they can see available versions...
